scheduler: fixed a bug where resource calculation did not account correctly for poststart tasks (#24297)
hashicorp/nomad: .changelog/24297.txt

```release-note:bug

> scheduler: fix a bug where we did not account for poststart tasks resources

Reviewer: Minor suggestion to change the wording.
```suggestion
scheduler: Fixed a bug where resource calculation did not account correctly for poststart tasks
```

Author: Thanks @jrasell , I have amended your suggestion in the commit and changelog message, also rebased the branch !
